Add getting started guide for maplibre gl native for android (#939)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-native: docs/mdbook/src/android/getting-started-guide.md

    import android.os.Bundle
    import android.view.LayoutInflater
    import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.Mapbox
    import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.camera.CameraPosition
    import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.geometry.LatLng
    import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.maps.MapView

    class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

        // Declare a variable for MapView
        private lateinit var mapView: MapView

        override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
            super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
            
            // Init MapLibre
            Mapbox.getInstance(this)

            // Init layout view
            val inflater = LayoutInflater.from(this)
            val rootView = inflater.inflate(R.layout.activity_main, null)
            setContentView(rootView)

            // Init the MapView
            mapView = rootView.findViewById(R.id.mapView)
            mapView.getMapAsync { map ->
                map.setStyle("https://demotiles.maplibre.org/style.json")
                map.cameraPosition = CameraPosition.Builder().target(LatLng(0.0,0.0)).zoom(1.0).build()
            }
        }

        override fun onStart() {
            super.onStart()

>             mapView?.onStart()

Reviewer: `mapView` cannot be `null`...

Author: I removed `?` from `mapView` in this commit d826413c683d9d396345171edf6e237351d211f7.

                super.onStart()
                mapView?.onStart()
            }

            override fun onResume() {
                super.onResume()
                mapView?.onResume()
            }

            override fun onPause() {
                super.onPause()
                mapView?.onPause()
            }

            override fun onStop() {
                super.onStop()
                mapView?.onStop()
            }

            override fun onLowMemory() {
                super.onLowMemory()
                mapView?.onLowMemory()
            }

            override fun onDestroy() {
                super.onDestroy()
                mapView?.onDestroy()
            }
        }

>         

Reviewer 2: let's also add 

`override fun onSaveInstanceState(outState: Bundle) {
        super.onSaveInstanceState(outState)
        mapView.onSaveInstanceState(outState)
    }`

Author: Okay @ovivoda . I added this part to the example in the getting started guide.

# Quickstart

1. Add bintray Maven repositories to your project-level Gradle file (usually `<project>/<app-module>/build.gradle`).

    ```gradle
        allprojects {
            repositories {
                ...
                mavenCentral()                
            }
        }
    ```

> 2. Add the library as a dependency into your module Gradle file (usually `<project>/<app-module>/build.gradle`). Please replace `<version>` with a valid MapLibre GL version (e.g.: `org.maplibre.gl:android-sdk:10.0.2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the library as a dependency into your module Gradle file (usually `<project>/<app-module>/build.gradle`). Replace `<version>` with the latest MapLibre GL Native version (e.g.: `org.maplibre.gl:android-sdk:10.0.2`).
```

Reviewer: Could you add a link to where you can find what the latest version is?

Author: I added the link that refers to the maven repository of MapLibre GL Native for Android so that  we can find the latest version in this commit 6385569ac80a64362250d25cd55cc29bbc604465.

    ```gradle
        dependencies {
            ...
            implementation 'org.maplibre.gl:android-sdk:<version>'
            ...
        }
    ```

3. Sync your Android project with Gradle files.

4. Add a `MapView` to your layout XML file (usually `<project>/<app-module>/src/main/res/layout/activity_main.xml`).

>     ```xml

Reviewer: Could you remove the indentation in all code blocks so people more easily can copy paste?

Author: I removed the indentation in the code blocks in this commit eae556ea3b61954471a90396d88d11bb6dc18a66

        ...
        <com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.maps.MapView
            android:id="@+id/mapView"
            android:layout_width="match_parent"
            android:layout_height="match_parent"
            />
        ...
    ```

5. Initialize the `MapView` in your `MainActivity` file by following the example below:

    ```kotlin

        ...
        import androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity
        import android.os.Bundle
        import android.view.LayoutInflater
        import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.Mapbox
        import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.camera.CameraPosition
        import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.geometry.LatLng
        import com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.maps.MapView

        class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

            // Declare a variable for MapView

>             private var mapView: MapView? = null

Author: I replaced `null` with `lateinit` in this commit 74a2aa7313de730825fe72b59417815a8047f771

                }
            }

            override fun onStart() {
                super.onStart()
                mapView?.onStart()
            }

            override fun onResume() {
                super.onResume()
                mapView?.onResume()
            }

            override fun onPause() {
                super.onPause()
                mapView?.onPause()
            }

            override fun onStop() {
                super.onStop()
                mapView?.onStop()
            }

            override fun onLowMemory() {
                super.onLowMemory()
                mapView?.onLowMemory()
            }

            override fun onDestroy() {
                super.onDestroy()
                mapView?.onDestroy()
            }

            override fun onSaveInstanceState(outState: Bundle) {
                super.onSaveInstanceState(outState)
                mapView?.onSaveInstanceState(outState)
            }
        }
        
    ```

6. Build and run the app. If you run the app successfully, a map will be displayed as seen in the screenshot below.
<div style="text-align: center;">

> <img src="/assets/MapLibre_Native_Android_Demo_Screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot with the map in demotile style" width="50%" height="50%">

Reviewer: Please don't include screenshots in the repo. This will blow up the size of the repo over time. You can host them on GitHub. Drag and drop an image in the GitHub editor (anywhere) to get an URL.

Author: I removed the screenshot from the repos and hosted it directly via Github editor in these commits 7af2f822ec73c936f46ba079fff0d8da48680e78 and a938d5ceb4b9395aa1c71afb10c6f592f00345af.
